hey guys this is Lou me update and let's
check out
available at the windows phone
actually a developer at the Nokia Store
hyper Connie might be familiar with that
name as I think we've demoed a few of
the games before on my naki blog com
this one is from a different developer
actually it's the same one we saw
yesterday with Lumiya pad a number 96
basketball and this is one of their
another one of their games so see this
is the main menu only one player or even
more fun maybe in between lunch breaks
and stuff to play 2 players well it's a
good one paper moment oh let's go back
so there's settings right there so you
can change sound and vibration and
things come back one play you've got
your different level difficulties rocky
medium hard and expert in on rocky level
the business club challenging most
importantly the game is very responsive
as you just saw that in between each
goal the ads will appear so it's not
always intrusive it's not always at the
bottom it only appears in between goals
and maybe if you press back this is what
it does this developer they show you
like a recommended app like an other one
of they recommended them apps so let's
actually go back and try again see what
expert is like so you can see it
the beta is really vicious you thought
your fears are more challenging than
normal Oh screams up today yes we want
to exit this is true came out so i'll be
someone else obviously needs ed you
playing on your own because that is it
strange so yeah it's really expensive I
guess that's it thanks watching that was
air hockey demoed on the Nokia Lumia 800